WIN EI KHAING
Fairfield, Iowa 52557 * 641-819-1641
khai.winei@gmail.com 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/win-ei-khaing 



SOFTWARE ENGINEER

Versatile software engineer with more than 4 years 
of experience designing, developing, testing, and 
maintaining a wide variety of software solutions. 
Familiar with all phases of the Software 
Development Life Cycle for both front-end and back-
end components, including requirement gathering, 
coding, implementation, testing, and maintenance. 
Expertise includes languages and tools like C#, 
Java,.NET Framework, Spring Framework, MS SQL, 
Visual Studio, and Git.



Software Development Life Cycle * System Design 
C# & Java Programming * Database Development
Requirement Gathering * Testing & Troubleshooting
Documentation * RFID Integration



Languages:  C#, Java
Web:  HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, React
Web Services:  REST API
Web/App Servers:  IIS, Tomcat
Frameworks:  Kendo, .NET, .NET Core, Spring, Spring 
Boot, Entity Framework, Hibernate
Databases:  MS SQL, MySQL
Design Patterns:  MVC, Singleton, Prototype, 
Observer, Proxy, Session Factory, Multi-Threading, 
Template, Façade
SDLC:  Agile-Scrum, Waterfall
Tools:  Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code, Eclipse, 
IntelliJ IDEA, Trello, SVN, Git, Postman, StarUML
Platforms:  Windows, Mac OS



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

CAREER NOTE: Completed on-campus studies and 
currently taking distance education courses to 
complete a Master's Degree in Computer Science 
(Available for full-time, W-2 employment).


ETAG RFID, Yangon, Myanmar * May 2019 – July 2021
A software house providing RFID-related solutions 
in Myanmar, with head office in Singapore.

Software Engineer
Key contributor to both front-end and back-end 
software development, implementation, and testing.

* Proposed and implemented MS SQL database design.
* Developed comprehensive web applications, C# 
Windows Forms applications, and APIs.
* Integrated RFID and reader technologies into new 
and existing systems.
* Prepared documentation, such as UAT and operation 
manuals.

Technologies Used: C#, .NET, .NET Core, HTML5, 
CSS3, JSON, JavaScript, jQuery, Kendo, MS SQL, SVN, 
Git, Bootstrap, REST, IIS, Entity Framework


UNIQUE COMM, Yangon, Myanmar * Dec 2018 – April 
2019
A telecommunications and Information Technology 
company.

Junior .NET Developer
Participated in accounting software development, 
beginning with requirement gathering.

* Communicated with customers to gather 
requirements and perform maintenance.
* Developed web applications for accounting and 
warehouse management.
* Tested software using unit, integration, and user 
acceptance testing techniques.
* Prepared user manuals and other documentation.

Technologies Used: C#, .NET, JSON, JavaScript, 
jQuery, MS SQL, Bootstrap, REST, IIS


MANDALAY CITY DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE, Mandalay, 
Myanmar * Sept – Nov 2018
A governmental office for city development.

Software Tester (volunteer)
Conducted software testing and created reports for 
the government.

* Thoroughly tested and troubleshot e-government 
software projects.
* Wrote and implemented test cases and test result  
documentation.
* Provided suggestions and advice on usefulness of 
proposed government projects.

Technologies Used: Java, Spring, PHP, MS SQL, 
MySQL, Bootstrap, IIS


GRAPE CITY, Yangon, Myanmar * May – July 2018
A software testing company for software developed 
in the head office in Japan.

Software Tester (intern)
Investigated, tested, and reported bugs.

* Developed C# Windows Forms applications with MS 
Access databases.
* Prepared test points, test scenarios, and test 
cases.

Technologies Used: C#, MS Access


FREELANCE, Mandalay & Yangon, Myanmar * May 2017 – 
Nov 2018
In collaboration with 5 other freelancers.

Freelance Developer
Active participant in the full Software Development 
Life Cycle for a variety of clients.

* Contacted and communicated with clients to gather 
project requirements.
* Analyzed requirements to determine business needs 
and create technical specifications.
* Proposed and implemented database designs.
* Developed comprehensive web applications, Windows 
Forms applications, APIs, and web services using a 
broad variety of client-required technologies.
* Tested software using unit, integration, and user 
acceptance testing techniques.
* Prepared user manuals, UAT, and operation 
manuals, and other documentation.
* Provided project support and maintenance after 
deployment.

Technologies Used: Java, Spring, MS SQL, MySQL, 
Bootstrap, React, Tomcat



ACADEMIC PROJECTS

Blog API, MIU (2022): Created a blogging API as a 
group of 3, with 3 called microservices (User, 
Post, and Comment). T
echnologies Used: Spring Boot, MySQL, Hibernate

Library Management System, MIU (2021): Worked with 
a team of 4 to develop a library management 
application capable of registering authors, books, 
and library users; and completing the checkout 
process. 
Technologies Used: Java Swing

Mini Online Market System, MIU (2021): In a team of 
5, developed an online market application allowing 
sellers to add products, buyers to create orders, 
admins to manage seller accounts, and users to 
trace order and payment status. 
Technologies Used: Spring, REST API, React, 
Hibernate



EDUCATION

Master of Science in Computer Science
(In progress via distance education; expected 
completion April 2024)
Maharishi International University – Fairfield, 
Iowa

Key Courses: Fundamental Programming Practice, 
Modern Programming Practice, Web Application 
Programming, Web Application Architecture, 
Enterprise Architecture, Algorithm

Bachelor of Computer Science in Software 
Engineering (2018)
University of Computer Studies – Mandalay, Myanmar



PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Certificate, Information Technology Passport – 
ITPEC 

Certificate, Fundamental Engineering – ITPEC 
